[Ant]: https://ant.apache.org
[ant-contrib]: http://ant-contrib.sourceforge.net/
[ant-contrib-1.0b2]: https://sourceforge.net/projects/ant-contrib/files/ant-contrib/ant-contrib-1.0b2/ant-contrib-1.0b2-bin.zip/download
[maven]: https://maven.apache.org/


# ant-jag-contrib

This is an extension of [ant-contrib] with contributed tasks.

It was developed in 2013 to help with the building of Eclipse RCP plugins without
using the `build.xml` generated by Eclipse itself, being more generic than those.
One of the disadvantages of using the [Ant] scripts created by Eclipse is that they
change everytime a new dependency is added to the plugin, and then they need to
be checked in in the code repository. However with `ant-jag-contrib`, the
task for building takes automatically the dependency, without further modifications.

## Dependency
It requires the [ant-contrib-1.0b2] library installed in [Ant] classpath
(`ANT_HOME/lib`, `${user.home}/.ant/lib`, etc.).

## Compilation and installation
In order to create the package, you need to have installed [maven]
The generated package `ant-jag-contrib` must be put also into the [Ant]
classpath to be accessible by the script making use of any of the contributed
tasks.

## Tasks
Currently are implemented the following categories:

* log
* property
* build
* plugin

### log

<table>
	<tr>
		<th>Task</th><td colspan="3"><code>init</code></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th rowspan="2">Parameter</th>
		<td><code>dir<code></td>
		<td>optional, default value is current directory</td>
		<td>Directory where to write the logs to.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<td><code>file</code></td>
		<td>optional, default value is <code>${ant.project.name}_${DSTAMP}${TSTAMP}.log</code></td>
		<td>Log file where to write the log entries to.</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th>Body</th>
		<td colspan="3">N/A</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th>xmlns</th>
		<td colspan="3"><code>antlib:org.jag.common.log</code></td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th>Description</th>
		<td colspan="3">Initializes the logger. It must come among the first lines in the [Ant] script</td>
	</tr>
	<tr>
		<th>Example</th>
		<td colspan="3">
<pre>
&lt;project xmlns:log="antlib:org.jag.common.log" name="my_project"&gt;
	&lt;log:init/&gt;
	...
&lt;/project&gt;
</pre>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>
